[cackles]
My darkness will swallow the
world, just you wait and see!
You think I'll lose to you?
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!
Roger's treasure belongs to me!
[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second half
of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Gold Roger and his crew
were the only men to ever
chart these waters and
learn all the secrets they held.
For the rest of the
pirates in the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road.
A graveyard of dreams.
[NARRATOR] Now, Monkey D. Luffy,
a boy whose body became rubber
after eating the Gum Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR] In order to defeat
one of the Four Emperors of
the New World, the Straw Hats
form an alliance with Law.
Their current objective
is to destroy
a man-made Devil Fruit Factory
in the kingdom of Dressrosa.
Soon, Luffy becomes
sidetracked by a tournament
with the Flame Flame
Fruit as a prize.
This guy's worth 77 million!
Easy pickin' for us! We'll wipe
out all the Straw Hats!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE E]
Prepare to die!
[NARRATOR]
Doflamingo's agent, Violet,
saves Sanji at the last moment
and passes along a
shocking revelation!
From the moment you
came here with Caesar,
your crew's fate was sealed.
Everything is following
Doflamingo's plan.
[VIOLET] Here's my memory
of Dressrosa this morning.
[SANJI]
It can't be...
[CROWD cheering]
I'm sick of waiting!
Let's do this!
Rebecca...
[TOY SOLDIER] I saw the list of
competitors in the coliseum.
I asked you not to enter.
Why did you do it?
[REBECCA]
Because...
Because I'll win!
You'll see! I promise!
When I do, please come back!
I just want you to stay with me!
If you cry so easily,
how do you expect to win?
[LEO]
Anesthetic Flowers!
[USOPP groaning]
What's this smoke?
[NARRATOR] Meanwhile,
after passing out in the forest
of Green Bit, Robin woke up
in the Tontatta Kingdom,
the country of
the Little People.
[RAMPO] The Big Person's awake!
Everybody panic!
Don't try to run!
No funny business!
I see. They've pinned
my body to the ground.
[LEO] You'll only hurt
yourself if you move.
You Big People were up to
no good again, weren't you?
So this is a country where only
little people like you live?
It's 2:57. We're out of time.
[NARRATOR] The appointed time
for Caesar's handover--
exactly two minutes.
[TRANSPONDER SNAIL A ringing]
Click.
[SANJI]
You there, Law? It's Sanji!
Where'd you run off to?
And please tell me
you found the Factory.
That's the least
of our worries now!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE A] I see
him! Don't let them escape!
And don't show that traitor
Violet any mercy, either!
Kill 'em both!
Cut 'em to pieces!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES scream]
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES groaning]
Let's move!
[VIOLET gasping]
[VIOLET gasps]
[gunshots]
Don't you dare!
[BOTH grunt]
[VIOLET gasps]
What are you...?
Don't you know better
than to shoot a lady?
[PIRATES grunting]
Listen up! You gotta
get out of there now!
We're not going anywhere.
Handing Caesar over
is part of the deal.
[SANJI] Yeah, if Doflamingo
actually resigned
from the Seven Warlords!
[SANJI] As it stands, you're
gonna be handing Caesar over
for absolutely
nothing in return!
[LAW]
That doesn't make any sense.
What do you mean?
Let me spell it out!
We walked straight into a trap!
[MAN A]
Why, your Majesty?
[WOMAN A]
You can't really be quitting?!
[MAN B] An explanation at least!
Please, Doflamingo!
[MAN C] What would ever make
you abdicate from the throne?
[CROWD chattering]
[DOFLAMINGO] How annoying.
They should have arrived by now.
Heh. About time.
[CROWD gasping]
[MAN D] A warship? They're
heading for the harbor!
[WOMAN B]
What?!
I know that emblem,
but I can't place where.
That's from Cipher Pol.
Aigis Zero flag!
The government officials who
work under the World Nobles?
What're they doing here?
Citizens of Dressrosa.
I ask you to remain
calm and listen.
We've journeyed to your island
to address rumors concerning
Doflamingo's abdication
of the throne and retirement
from the Seven Warlords.
It was a false report.
Simply a mistake.
[CROWD chattering]
Wait, then that means...
He's not quitting after all.
Doflamingo's gonna
stay our king!
[CROWD cheering]
I could cry!
And to let the rest
of the world know,
we'll be releasing an extra
edition of the newspaper
at three PM today,
setting the record straight.
But it must be kept
secret until then.
No one outside Dressrosa
is to know.
Our top priority
is for all nations
to keep living in peace,
as if nothing has happened.
What I saw... That wasn't
a dream, was it?
It's real. It happened right
before you and your friends
came to this island.
Doflamingo is still King!
[SANJI gasps] Why do I feel
like everything just got
turned upside down?
The World Government? I know
the Warlords are powerful,
but that kind of
influence is too much.
[VIOLET]
One would think so.
Please. Go. I'm too
terrified of Doflamingo
to try to leave
Dressrosa myself,
but maybe you and your friends
can get away in time!
You get all that?! You need to
leave the island right now!
So the news about Doflamingo
was some kind of mistake.
I find that hard
to believe, Saka.
The public being fooled
is one thing,
but the Navy HQ was also
duped by a false report?
[AKAINU] I hate to admit it,
but that is the case.
I'm headed for Marie Jois.
The Five Elders and I need to
speak at once on this matter.
However, what's done is done.
You are to continue as planned
and keep onward to Trafalgar Law
and Doflamingo's
rendezvous point.
Roger that, Saka.
[TRANSPONDER SNAIL B]
Click.
All units! Head to
the Southeast shore!
[SANJI]
Hurry up!
Idiot, there's no time left.
You're not the only one
with problems! Later!
[TRANSPONDER SNAIL C]
Click.
[VIOLET panting]
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE K]
There they are! Get 'em!
What the hell should I do?
Whoa! That's creepy!
Were you hiding in the sand,
listening in on us
this entire time?
[LAW]
Nico!
No, this is just
a clone of my body.
[BOTH]
Hm?
Was that Sanji
you were talking to
on the Transponder
Snail just now?
[LAW] First, if this
isn't your actual body,
where are you and The Nose?
Second off, if what Black Leg
was saying is true,
the deal with Doflamingo is off.
Hm?! What do ya mean "off"?
Then what about you
handing me over!
There's not gonna be
a handover.
Dammit!
[LAW]
Nico! Find The Nose
and let's hurry up
and get off this island!
One problem.
We're here on Green Bit,
but Usopp and I are
currently both underground.
You what?
We fell into a bit of
trouble and got tied up.
But to make a long story short,
we're safe for now.
[LAW grunts]
[ROBIN]
We can't help you,
but if you're going to escape,
go without us.
When we get the opportunity,
we'll leave and catch up
with you at the harbor.
Okay. Got it.
[grunts]
Ah! No! Not the Navy!
I presume one of you goes
by the name Trafalgar Law.
You're the new admiral.
Fujitora.
Here he comes.
I wish you luck!
Right back at ya.
He's here...
[chuckles]
Joker!
[DOFLAMINGO laughs]
[DOFLAMINGO]
Hey, Law!
I hate to admit it, but you've
managed to impress me!
Must have taken some effort
to get an actual Navy
admiral to show up.
And since I'm no
longer a Warlord,
I'm really shaking in my boots.
[growls] You're a damn liar!
[DOFLAMINGO chuckles]
[CROWD cheering]
Now! It's time!
All competitors in Block C
have taken the stage--
139 warriors in total!
It's our third battle
royale of the day!
Who will be the last one
standing in the ring?
About time!
We begin at the sound
of the bell!
How'd you get down to the ring
without me seeing you?
Get back here!
[GUARD A] Not so fast,
Cavendish! You're in Block D!
[GUARD B] Are you trying
to get kicked out?
Unhand me!
[GUARD C] Cut it out
or you'll be disqualified!
[ringing]
[CROWD cheers]
[CAVENDISH yells]
Let's do this!
[CROWD cheering]
[COMPETITOR A yelling]
[yells]
Yeah! Yeah!
Send them flying!
[roars]
[COMPETITORS scream]
Hell yeah!
[laughs]
I'm gonna send
every last one of you
down to swim with the fishes!
[LUFFY yells]
That's more like it!
Prepare to get crushed!
[yelling]
[gasps]
[COMPETITORS screaming]
[CROWD cheers]
[COMPETITOR C chuckles]
Huh? Where'd he go?
Where'd ya get
a hammer that big?
Get off me!
Gum Gum... Pistol!
[COMPETITOR C groans]
That little guy's arm
can stretch like it's
made outta rubber!
You don't think that's...
Only person I know
like that is Straw Hat!
Huh? Uh-oh.
Let's see you worm
your way outta my axe!
Okay...
[COMPETITOR B yelling]
Just a totally a normal punch!
[groans]
[sighs] Talk about
a close call!
Didn't you see what
just happened?
No one named Lucy could do that!
That guy's Straw Hat!
[GUARD A]
Get him back!
[COMPETITOR L]
Hold still, ya pest!
[LUFFY]
Gum-Gum...
[gasps]
[COMPETITOR M]
He did it again!
Whoops. Nevermind.
What the hell?
Just for you... a normal kick!
[COMPETITOR L groaning]
[CROWD cheers]
Almost blew my cover there.
Hey, that guy in the helmet
is quite the character!
Do you know him?
I've never seen him before.
Who is he?
[LUFFY]
Hm?
Like I keep telling you,
that's Straw Hat!
[GUARD C]
Get back to the bleachers!
[CAVENDISH] Am I the only who's
not crazy?! That's Straw Hat!
[COMPETITOR O]
You wouldn't think by looking,
but he's a powerhouse.
[COMPETITOR N]
I say we take care of him first.
Ganging up on me, huh?
[COMPETITORS groan]
[COMPETITORS groaning]
Get lost, shrimp!
[COMPETITORS gasping]
[COMPETITOR C growls]
[LUFFY gasping]
There's no dodging
my hammer this time!
[yells]
[CROWD cheers]
[SPECTATORS gasping]
[WOMEN gasping]
[screaming]
That did the trick!
[LUFFY]
You think so, huh?
Huh?!
Boom!
[COMPETITOR C yells]
[CROWD cheering]
[CROWD cheers]
I'm... Uh...
[clears throat] ...very nimble.
[CROWD cheering]
[GYATS]
That was totally awesome!
[COMPETITOR M]
You wouldn't think it,
but he's quite a fighter.
Welp... Bring it!
[NEWS COOS squawking]
[NARRATOR] Meanwhile...
The News Coos are about deliver
a story that'll take the world
by surprise yet again.
[MAN K]
An extra edition?
[MAN L] It must be a correction
or something.
[CROWD]
What?!
[CROWD chattering]
What is this garbage?!
[PIRATE A panting]
Captain, you need to see this!
What is it?
It's big news about Doflamingo.
Uh? It was all a mistake?!
This doesn't make any sense!
How could it be just an error?
What is this, Doflamingo?
You used the authority of the
World Government for some trick?
You spread a false story
and deceived people
all over the whole damned world,
just to gain an advantage
over our small group?
[laughs] Haven't you
ever seen a magic show?
The greatest illusions
are often pulled off
with the simplest
of tricks... Law.
[DOFLAMINGO] Everyone always
says, "Well, that's ridiculous."
But it's the rigidity of
the mind assuming no one
would go to such lengths
that creates the blind
spot in humans.
Even if you thought of it,
there's no way you could
accomplish a scheme this size.
[growls]
You're just a pirate!
It doesn't matter if you're
one of the Seven Warlords!
It doesn't even matter
that you're a king!
You don't have
that much influence
to make everyone believe
in an illusion.
To lie to the whole world!
That power doesn't exist.
And there's no one alive
who could ever pull it off.
That is... except for
the Celestial Dragons!
You don't know as much about
Joker's past as you should,
and you're going to pay with
your life for that ignorance.
[LAW]
Don't tell me. You're a...
[DOFLAMINGO chuckles]
It's too complicated
to explain right now.
You know why I went to
so much trouble, Law? Huh?
[LAW gasps]
No secret. I just really
wanted to kill you.
[NARRATOR] Fujitora battles
with Doflamingo,
and Law tries to stall them
while waiting for
the Straw Hats.
When Fujitora draws
his sword to attack,
both of the Warlords
are paralyzed with fear.
The new admiral's might
is far greater
than they could
have anticipated!
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"Shaking Heaven and Earth!
Admiral Fujitora's Power!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!